[NEW] A clearer, more readable return statement (#35565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/intermediate-algorithm-scripting/sum-all-odd-fibonacci-numbers/index.md

            arrFib.unshift(nextFib);
        }

>         // We return the array, filtering and summing (reducing) odd numbers at once. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // We filter the array to get the odd numbers and reduce them to get their sum.
```
I wasn't sure about the original wording as it sounded like we were returning the array itself.

        // Sum only the odd numbers and return the value

>         // First, reverse the array to avoid starting acc with the first/greater number when it's even

Reviewer 2: Please update the comment & `Code Explanation` section as well.
